i want to go marienplatz
from olympia einkaufszentrum to hauptbahnhof
when is the next train from winterstraße 12 to kieferngarten
when is the next rocket from winterstraße 12 to kieferngarte
can you find a connection from garching to hauptbahnhof?
how to get from untere strassäcker 21 to fröttmaning
how i can get from marienplatz to garching
connection from boltzmannstraße to kieferngarten
how to get from bonner platz to freimann?
how do i get from oez to hbf?
how to get from winterstrasse 12 to fröttmaning
how do i get from garching forschungszentrum to pasing
theresienstraße to assling
how can i get from theresienstraße to munich east?
from quiddestraße to garching?
can you find a connection from kurt-eisner-straße to garching forschungszentrum?
can you find a connection from quiddestraße to garching forschungszentrum?
from hauptbahnhof to garching?
how can i get to glockenbachviertel from garching forschungszentrum?
how i can get from garching to nordfriedhof
how can i get to glockenbachviertel from garching forschungszentrum?
how can i get from moosach to quiddestraße?
how can i get from moosach to poccistraße?
how can i get from kurt-eisner-straße to garching forschungszentrum?
how can i get from moosach to quiddestraße?
how can i get from moosach to odeonsplatz?
what's the shortest way from quiddestraße to odeonsplatz?
how i can get from garching to neuperlach sued
how i can get from marienplatz to garching?
how do i get from poccistraße to laim
i want to go garching from marienplatz
how i can get from marienplatz to garching?
how can i get from hauptbahnhof to odeonsplatz
prinzregentenplatz to rotkreuzplatz
i want to go to garching from marienplatz
from prinzregentenplatz to rotkreuzplatz
from garching to klinikum
from garching foschungszentrum to odeonsplatz
from garching to marienplatz
connection from garching to hauptbahnhof?
find connection from hauptbahnhof to odeonsplatz
how to get from münchner freiheit to garching ?
implerstraße to ostbahnhof
how can i get from hauptbahnhof to odeonsplatz?
how can i go from garching forschungszentrum to prinzregentenplatz
how can i get from mangfallplatz to garching
how can i get to hohenlindenerstraße
harthaus to hackerbrücke
how can i get from feldmoching to garching forschungszentrum?
from marienplatz to petershausen
when is the train from garching to marienplatz
neufahrn to garching
how can i get from mangfallplatz to garching
how can i get to hohenlindenerstr
how do i get from spitzingplatz to poccistraße?
how can i get from garching forschungszentrum to marienplatz
how can i get from klinkum to marienplatz?
how to get from alte heide to marienplatz
hello munich city bot! how do i get from münchner freiheit to scheidplatz?
how can i get from garching forschungszentrum to prinzregentenplatz
how can i get from neufahrn to garching
take me to the airport
how i can get from munchner freiheit to nordfriedhof?
from harthaus to hackerbrücke
how can i get from theresienstrasse to garching forschungszentrum
how can i get from münchner freiheit to odeonsplatz
from garching to hauptbahnhof
how can i get from garching to odeonsplatz
start: neufahrn end:garching
how can i get from studentenstadt to garching
take me from hauptbahnhof to odeonsplatz
what's the shortest connection between quiddestraße and odeonsplatz?
what is the cheapest connection between quiddestraße and hauptbahnhof?
what's the shortest way between hauptbahnhof and odeonsplatz?
how can i get from garching to münchner freiheit as fast as possible?
what's the cheapest way from neuperlach süd to lehel?
how can i get from neuperlach zentrum to karlsplatz as fast as possible?
could you give me the fastest connection between brudermühlstraße and alte heide?
is there a train from neuperlach zentrum to garching at 3 pm?
can you find a connection from olympiazentrum to lehel at 2 pm?
i need a connection from harras to karl-preis-platz at 8 am.
in need to be at hauptbahnhof at 1 pm, can you search a connection from garching forschungszentrum?
i need to be in garching at 9
can i take a bus from quiddestraße to hauptbahnhof?
can you find the shortest way from moosfeld to milbertshofen?
how can i get to neuperlach süd from garching forschungszentrum?
can you find a bus from quiddestraße to lehel?
is there a tram from karlsplatz to lehel?
is there a bus from garching to moosach at around 5?
is there a bus from odeonsplatz to hauptbahnhof at 3 pm?
can you tell me the cheapest way from garching forschungszentrum to quiddestraße?
how can i get to quiddestraße?
how can i get from garching to hauptbahnhof?
how can i get from kurt-eisner-straße to garching?
what is the next connection from garching forschungszentrum to odeonsplatz?
how can i get from mossach to garching forschungszentrum?
how can i get from garching forschungszentrum to odeonsplatz?
how can i get from garching, forschungszentrum to odeonsplatz?
how can i get from garching forschungszentrum to kurt-eisner-straße?
how can i get to boltzmannstraße from quiddestraße?
how can i get from garching to odeonsplatz?
how can i get from olympiazentrum to hauptbahnhof?
how can i get from quiddestraße to boltzmannstraße?
how can i get from moosach to garching forschungszentrum?
can you give me a connection from garching to odeonsplatz?
when is the next train from nordfriedhof to garching forschungszentrum
i want to travel from garching to odeonsplatz?
how can i get to sendlinger tor?
how do i get to untere straussäcker?
how can i get from garching to garching?
how can i get from garching to sendlinger tor?
how can i get from garchingto garching?
how do i get from marienplatz zu garching

