What software can I use to view epub documents?
Which PDF Viewer would you recommend?
What IDEs are available for Ubuntu?
What's the best Mind Mapping Software?
Software to read a QR code?
PDF to word conversion software?
Is there software that can view .dwg files?
What are some good PHP editors?
Is there a software utility to adjust screen gamma/brightness/contrast?
Please recommend a hex editor for shell
Is there LAN topology mapping software available in Ubuntu?
Is there a tool like wifi analyzer for ubuntu?
Tool for recovering deleted data from a flash drive
What's a simple "colour picker" app for GNOME?
Any app that tells me to take regular breaks from working?
What are some good ASCII art generators?
What are some good GUI binary viewers/editors?
Which is the best PDF metadata viewer for Ubuntu?
Is there a Linux file manager with a proper drop-down tree view? (like finder in OS X)
Which application do you recommend for watching TV (DVB)?
What Is The Best HDR Software?
What do you use to edit Microsoft Word documents (docx)?
What's the best Wireframing tool?
Is there any software that will do face recognition in photos?
Applications to replace iTunes for iPod synchronization?
Is there an SSH connection manager?
A light alternative to gnome-system-monitor?
Software to create a video slideshow?
Is there a project management software for Ubuntu like Microsoft Project?
Is there any recovery software available for ext4?
What blog editor software are available?
Can you recommend a good modern GUI download manager (wget wrapper?)
Is there any program for fuzzy string matching which provides a match score?
Are there any hardware diagnostic tools?
Recommendation for Regex editor?
Is it recommended to upgrade to Lubuntu 15.04?
On really old Ubuntu 6.06 - How to upgrade
Wubi Device /dev/loop0 full. How to get more space?
Removing Recently used items in 12.04
In Unity how do I see the details of a given launcher?
Any command line calculator for Ubuntu?
Extracting embedded images from a PDF
What to use to quickly cut Audio/Video
MySQL GUI Tools

